## Job Information
Location: 
											Shrewsbury, Massachusetts, 01545, United States 
Job ID: 
48655562
Posted: 
December 6, 2019
Position Title: 
Postdoctoral Associate
Company Name: 
University of Massachusetts Medical School, Proteomics and Mass Spectrometry Facility
Area of Expertise: 
Bio-analysis, Bioinformatics, Electrospray Ionization, LC-MS, Lipids, Peptide Sequencing, Proteomics, Quantitation
Job Role: 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
1-2 Years
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
0-1 Year
Required Travel: 
0-10%
Salary: 
$49,000.00 - $51,000.00 (Yearly Salary)
**Description**
We are seeking a Postdoctoral Research Associate to join the Mass Spectrometry Facility at the University of Massachusetts Medical School. The successful candidate will work on multiple projects in basic science and translational research. Possibilities for specialization and focus area include quantitative proteomics approaches OR targeted/untargeted metabolomics approaches AND/OR applications of mass spectrometry imaging (AP MALDI/vacuum MALDI/DESI). Located in Shrewsbury MA, the Facility provides both services and collaborative efforts within the Medical School, as well as to external academic and industry partners. The Facility supports a diversity of applications across quantitative proteomics, structural biology, metabolomics, small molecule quantitation, and mass spectrometry imaging. We have eight mass spectrometry platforms including three Thermo Orbitraps (Fusion Lumos w/ FAIMS and ETD, Q Exactive and Orbitrap Velop Pro), a Q-TOF (Waters Synapt G2-Si) and two triple quadrupole instruments (Waters Xevo TQ-XS, Thermo TSQ Quantiva).
**Requirements**
The successful candidate must be highly motivated, have outstanding organizational skills, and be interested in expanding his/her background while working in a fast-paced interdisciplinary analytical laboratory. Prior experience with mass spectrometry and a demonstrated interest in scientific publication is required. Must be able to work in a team-oriented environment, demonstrate attention to detail and keep accurate laboratory records. As an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, UMMS recognizes the power of a diverse community and encourages applications from individuals with varied experiences, perspectives and backgrounds. Review of applications will begin immediately and the position will remain open until filled. When submitting your resume, please include a cover letter detailing your interest in the position and the names and contact information of three professional references. For immediate consideration, send CV and cover letter to: scott.shaffer@umassmed.edu
