## Job Information
Location: 
											Ithaca, New York, 14853, United States 
Job ID: 
50471010
Posted: 
December 2, 2019
Position Title: 
Postdoctoral Fellow in Mass spectrometry
Company Name: 
Cornell University
Area of Expertise: 
Proteomics
Job Role: 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
1-2 Years
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
3-5 Years
Required Travel: 
None
Salary: 
$51,000.00 - $52,000.00 (Yearly Salary)
**Description**
Protein Mass Spectrometry - Postdoctoral Associate position for a mass spectrometrist at Cornell University in Ithaca Taking advantage of the Human PeptideAtlas proteome infrastructure at the Institute for Systems Biology (ISB) in Seattle, this three year project will generate the first PeptideAtlases for Arabidopsis and other plant species, based on hundreds of existing MS studies from laboratories around the world, and reanalyzed through a uniform processing pipeline. These PeptideAtlases and their metadata will be used to address biological questions and hypotheses in plant biology. The Postdoc will be within the van Wijk lab and part of team involving other scientists at Cornell and at the ISB. The Postdoc will be responsible for curation of metadata and extracting biologically relevant information from the peptide atlases. The Postdoc will also run additional complex protein samples on our in-house QExactive and contribute to method development and data analysis, including DIA and Quantification. The position is initially a one year, full-time appointment, but renewable for additional years, contingent upon performance. Salary is competitive and commensurate with background and experience. An attractive fringe benefits package is provided. Application Instructions: Submit as a single PDF file a letter summarizing your background and qualifications, a statement of research accomplishments and interests (3 pages maximum), a detailed curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of three references by email.
**Requirements**
The applicant must have a PhD degree and a strong background in large scale proteomics and mass spectrometry (ESI-MSMS), as is evidenced by several publications in International Journals. Training in Plant Biology is highly beneficial. 
