## Job Information
Location: 
											New York, New York, United States 
Job ID: 
51691358
Posted: 
November 15, 2019
Position Title: 
Postdoctoral Research Scientist in Proteomics and Mass Spectrometry
Company Name: 
Columbia University
Area of Expertise: 
Proteomics
Job Role: 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
Indefinite
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
None
**Description**
A postdoctoral opportunity is available immediately at Columbia University in New York City. We use mass spectrometry to collaborate with some of the premier research groups at Columbia and at peer institutions in New York. Candidates with significant experience in biological mass spectrometry are invited to apply. We have continuing long-term funding to study basic science as well as clinically-oriented projects in areas such as a large proteomics study of cerebrospinal fluid in familial and sporadic Alzheimer's disease patients. In other projects, emphasis is on large-scale quantitative protein profiling as well as the study of posttranslational modifications, particularly phosphorylation leading to the understanding of novel cell death mechanisms in cancer cells. Other diverse collaborations deal with diet and bariatric surgery, and liquid phase transitions as organizers of chromatin structure. In our collaborative laboratory (http://proteomics.bio.columbia.edu) we participate in intensive, long-term and large-scale collaborations with leading research groups. Our role includes project planning, experimental design, sample processing, peptide enrichments, LC/MS, computational and pathway analysis, data interpretation and authorship of publications. We emphasize bottom-up proteomics with a Q Exactive HF Orbitrap from Thermo Scientific. A Synapt G2 QTOF with ion mobility from Waters Corp. is also available in the lab to support a variety of projects including in lipidomics and metabolomics. Participation in those projects are also possible as cross-training opportunities. The successful applicant will join our active research group and have the opportunity to initiate their own research project employing mass-spectrometry based proteomics in any one of a variety of scientific areas including those described above, and be first author of any publications arising out of such a project. The position will also include opportunities to co-author publications with leading collaborators and to contribute to the development of grant proposals. The position provides opportunities to work closely with graduate students, postdoctoral scientists and faculty for other research groups. Professional development is strongly encouraged with support for professional travel to conferences. The laboratory, directed by Lewis M. Brown, Ph.D., is located on the main campus of Columbia University, a quiet oasis with the unrivaled cultural and social opportunities that New York provides. An excellent subsidized university-owned and managed postdoc apartment (for individual or family), conveniently located a short walk from the lab may be provided if desired.
**Requirements**
The successful candidate should have a Ph.D. in a relevant field, and experience with mass spectrometry-based proteomics. Interested candidates should submit a cover letter, c.v., and contact information for three professional references. Please apply by email/upload. Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer
