## Job Information
Location: 
											Richmond, Virginia, 23298, United States 
Job ID: 
51804789
Posted: 
November 19, 2019
Position Title: 
Postdoctoral Opportunity for Mentored Neurobiological Mass Spectrometry Research and Academic Teaching Career Development
Company Name: 
Virginia Commonwealth University
Area of Expertise: 
Bio-analysis, Bioinformatics, LC-MS, Proteomics, Quantitation
Job Role: 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
Indefinite
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
None
Required Travel: 
0-10%
Salary: 
$50,000.00 - $51,000.00 (Yearly Salary)
**Description**
Available is a unique postdoctoral training opportunity supported by a prestigious NIH-funded career development program (IRACDA) that provides mentorship in both pedagogy and biomedical research for those looking to become highly-competitive in securing a tenure-track academic appointment with balanced teaching and research responsibilities. This opportunity combines a traditional mentored postdoctoral research experience in biomedical mass spectrometry together with formal pedagogic training and engaged teaching opportunities at a local partner undergraduate institution:  Research mentorship as part of the Ottens’ laboratory (https://ottenslab.weebly.com), engaged in omic mass spectrometry addressing mechanistic, therapeutic or biomarker studies related to neurological disease or toxicity. The position is ideal for those with expertise in quantitative LC/MSMS and/or mass spectrometry imaging and an interest in gaining neuroscience expertise while addressing biomedical questions in the most fascinating and mysterious organ, the brain. Or lab emphasizes the advancement of data-independent analysis for proteomic and peptidomic study, with active software development and engaged informatics to translate unbiased results into mechanistic and applied neurobiological outcomes in the areas of neurotoxicity, brain injury, and several additional fields. The laboratory is moreover interested in advancing desorption electrospray ionization imaging mass spectrometry (DESI-MS) for the mapping neurotransmitters and neuropeptides in response to brain insults. Research is conducted in modern, purpose-built laboratory space with new dedicated analytical equipment and other resources. Pedagogic mentorship through the Virginia Commonwealth University IRACDA program (https://healthdisparities.vcu.edu/researchtraining/postdoctoral-programs/iracda/) to develop teaching skills through formal training and teaching responsibilities at a partner institution (Virginia Union University or Virginia State University). This unique postdoctoral experience provides a competitive advantage, with over 80% of past scholars having secured tenure-track academic positions.  The opportunity compensates scholars at the NIH postdoctoral salary along with full health insurance. Virginia Commonwealth University is a major research institution with $310 million in annual funded activity. Neuroscience is one of three major research focuses of the institution, with a wide diversity of activity and expertise available (https://neuroscience.vcu.edu/). VCU is located in Richmond, VA, an affordable city that is attractive to young professionals with ample nearby loft apartments and a vibrant cultural and outdoors scene. Geographically, Richmond is located within two hours of the Shenandoah Mountains, the Atlantic coast, and Washington DC. Interested applicants should apply using the online system at: https://artes.som.vcu.edu/Login/appLogin.aspx by specifying the ICACDA program to submit your CV, a personal statement of career goats (research and teaching), a statement of teaching interests and experience, graduate transcripts, and letters of recommendation. Then specify Dr. Andrew Ottens, Department of Anatomy and Neurobiology, as your selected research mentor.
**Requirements**
The candidate should have recently completed Ph.D. studies with particular experience in biomedical mass spectrometry (LC/MSMS and/or Imaging-MS). Strong interpersonal, organizational and writing skills are needed, along with the ability to design, troubleshoot, and execute mass spectrometric experimentation. Strengths in statistical and informatic analysis as well as scripting are encouraged. The candidate must be a US national or permanent resident to apply. Successful candidates will have demonstrated excellence in research during their predoctoral studies and have a clear interest in a balanced teaching / research academic career. Another benefit of this program is the goal to increase diversity in the biomedical sciences; thus, applicants are encouraged to share their interest in this goal.
