## Job Information
Location: 
											Rockville, Maryland, 20850, United States 
Job ID: 
51867957
Posted: 
November 22, 2019
Position Title: 
Postdoctoral Researcher
Company Name: 
NC State
Area of Expertise: 
Bio-analysis, LC-MS, Pharmaceuticals
Job Role: 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship, Res. & Dev. Scientist
Entry Level: 
Yes
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution, Biotechnology, Government
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
1-2 Years
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
None
Required Travel: 
0-10%
**Description**
A postdoctoral scientist position is available for a collaborative research project between the Biomanufacturing Training and Education Center at NC State and the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Rockville, MD. The candidate will be embedded at the National Institute of Standards and Technology in Rockville, MD. The research teams focus on basic and applied sciences in the field of biotechnology that provides solutions to major scientific problems important to society. Follow this link to apply: https://jobs.ncsu.edu/postings/125790
**Requirements**
The candidate will develop innovative approaches toward characterization of next generation biotherapeutics (e.g. gene therapy viral vectors) using mass spectrometry. The successful candidate will join a group of well-established experimentalists focused on biopharmaceutical protein characterization; providing the candidate an extensive and diverse collaborative environment. The successful candidate should have or be nearing completion of a PhD in Analytical Chemistry, Biochemistry, or related field and an excellent publication history. Experience in mass spectrometry is a requirement, with an emphasis on proteomics and/or protein characterization preferred. He/she will be expected to work within a network of internal and external collaborators, engage stakeholders and display the potential to become a recognized leader in the field. Applications: Follow this link to apply: https://jobs.ncsu.edu/postings/125790 NC State University is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, age, sexual orientation, genetic information, status as an individual with a disability, or status as a protected veteran. If you have general questions about the application process, you may contact Human Resources at (919) 515-2135 or workatncstate@ncsu.edu. Individuals with disabilities requiring disability-related accommodations in the application and interview process, please call 919-515-3148. Final candidates are subject to criminal & sex offender background checks. If highest degree is from an institution outside of the U.S., final candidates are required to have their degree equivalency verified at www.wes.org or equivalent service. Degree(s) must be obtained prior to start date in order to meet qualifications and receive credit. NC State University participates in E-Verify. Federal law requires all employers to verify the identity and employment eligibility of all persons hired to work in the United States.
