## Job Information
Location: 
											Tucson, Arizona, 85721, United States 
Job ID: 
52188949
Posted: 
December 9, 2019
Position Title: 
Postdoctoral Research Associate
Company Name: 
University of Arizona
Area of Expertise: 
Electrospray Ionization, Hardware Maintenance, HPLC, LC-MS, Material Science, Polymers, Surface Science
Job Role: 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
1-2 Years
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
0-1 Year
Required Travel: 
0-10%
**Description**
A Postdoctoral Research Associate position is available as part of a Strategic Environmental Research and Development Program (SERDP, Department of Defense) project focused on remediation of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) using novel and conventional sorbents. The project is a collaboration between the Department of Chemical & Environmental Engineering (https://chee.engineering.arizona.edu/) and the Department of Environmental Science (https://environmentalscience.cals.arizona.edu/) at the University of Arizona, under the direction of Dr. Reyes Sierra-Alvarez, and an environmental consulting industry partner. The postdoc will be responsible for conducting experiments, writing technical reports and peer reviewed papers, supervising graduate and undergraduate students, and assisting with proposal writing. Competitive candidates will have a strong background and research experience in the fields of contaminant chemistry and mass spectrometry, and a proven track record of exemplary research publications, presentations, and excellent communication skills. The candidate will join an existing project research team that includes environmental engineering and science faculty, another postdoc, and graduate and undergraduate students. This is a year-to-year appointment. Position continuation is based on budget availability and satisfactory performance. Review of applications will commence on December 9th, 2019, and will continue until the positionis filled. Interested candidates should apply through the Univ. of Arizona web portal.https://uacareers.com/postings/43171
