## Job Information
Location: 
											Columbia, Maryland, 21046, United States 
Job ID: 
46976672
Posted: 
January 6, 2020
Position Title: 
GC Product Manager
Company Name: 
Shimadzu Scientific Instruments
Area of Expertise: 
GC-MS, HPLC, Software Maintenance
Job Role: 
Sales and Marketing, Technical Support
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Chemical, Instrument Manufacturer
Job Duration: 
Indefinite
Min Education: 
1
Required Travel: 
25-50%
**Description**
Product Manager – Gas Chromatography (GC) Marketing Department – Columbia, MD Shimadzu Scientific Instruments is one of the largest suppliers of analytical instrumentation, physical testing, and environmental monitoring systems in the world. Our products include Gas Chromatographs, Liquid Chromatographs, Mass Spectrometers, Total Organic Carbon Analyzers, UV-Vis Spectrometers, Fluorescence, Atomic Absorption, IR, X-Ray, and Universal Testing Machines. In 1975, SSI Corporate Headquarters was established in Columbia, Maryland and we currently have nine regional offices coast to coast. The successful Product Manager in this position will:  Grow the GC product line. Research, plan, direct, and implement business strategies that ensure the goals of the GC product line are obtained (product, price, promotion and distribution). Become the company’s process owner on GC products and their related markets by developing a competitive strategy (annual business plan) to meet the assigned product line goals and objectives. Support related functions of the GC product line, including marketing, sales, application use, training, installation, and phone support. Strategize the demonstration and presentation of products to potential and current customers to support the sales effort. Travel (significant) to customer sites and provide on-site support where needed. Training customers and less experienced Shimadzu staff (feature / benefit analysis, positioning strategies) in the product line. Continually assess the competitive environment and customer requirements to price and position products competitively and analyze for report to sales. Implement and sustain promotional plans and budgets of GC products. (Advertising, trade shows, direct mail, internal promotion, website …) Accurately forecast market requirements and propose to develop and implement hardware and software resolutions to meet these needs. Align all assigned product introductions and releases. Provide product design change and improvement recommendations. Develop customer support materials to further sales for the product line (such as brochures, technical notes, application notes flyers, etc…)  JOB FUNCTIONS INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:  To perform applications work as required effectively positioning the product and analyzing customer samples. Provide application, operational and maintenance support of those products sold by SSI or its representatives. To develop a knowledge base through the accurate documentation and reporting of product failures and repairs. To develop installation and maintenance procedures for products as required. To cooperate with Service and Technical Support to effectively train on the operation of new products. To maintain the current IQ/OQ/PT protocols and develop protocols for new products. To maintain assigned instruments in application labs. To travel as required to support the assigned product line. To manage, train and mentor less experienced personnel.  SCOPE: This position’s primary focus is on tactical marketing issues, education and quality support regarding the assigned products, while ensuring effective and efficient use of resources.    This will include the full scope from product design to customer satisfaction, coordinating efforts with the Marketing team, Sales, Service, and the Regional staff.
**Requirements**
KNOWLEDGE REQUIREMENTS:     CASUAL   WORKING   THOROUGH     Japanese Culture Negotiation Sales   Public Speaking  Computer Hardware/Software Computer OS/Windows Customer Relationships Selling Skills SSI Organization                 Telephone Skills Systems Troubleshooting Ability Organizational Skills Communications Skills Product Knowledge Application Skills Chemistry/Physics Sciences Competitive Knowledge Report Preparation Product Management Marketing Research Analytical Techniques Government Regulations Leadership Skills     PROBLEM SOLVING REQUIREMENTS: Product manager must be proficient at identification and analysis of product suitability to a market segment and compare the advantages and disadvantages of the many courses of action in resolving problems. The Product Manager must be able to effectively troubleshoot and resolve operational, hardware and application issues/ problems in a methodical efficient manner.  Additionally, must be able to act independently in matters not governed by policy to ensure customer satisfaction, while keeping in mind the expected benefit to the company and meeting product line objectives. EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: Product manager must have a Bachelor’s degree in the life sciences with some marketing knowledge and at least seven years (or the equivalent) experience in technical applications, instrument troubleshooting and maintenance/repair knowledge in the assigned product line (Gas Chromatography). A strong history of good organizational, communication, research analysis and leadership skills are essential. Experience in maintenance and/or repair of analytical instrumentation, marketing background and any sales experience is highly desirable. Attention to detail and strong customer service skills are required along with a dependable work ethic. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: The Product Manager is responsible for managing on a daily basis all product specialists & coordinators within their assigned product line.  Supervision includes ensuring adequate coverage for training, phone support, application work, travel to customer sites & trade shows, as well as, proper support for field employees. Shimadzu Scientific Instruments is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
