## Job Information
Location: 
											Columbia, Maryland, 21046, United States 
Job ID: 
46989932
Posted: 
January 6, 2020
Position Title: 
Product Specialist - LCMS
Company Name: 
Shimadzu Scientific Instruments Inc.
Area of Expertise: 
Bioinformatics, HPLC, LC-MS
Job Role: 
Management – General, Technical Support
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Instrument Manufacturer
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
Indefinite
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
2-3 Years
Required Travel: 
25-50%
**Description**
           Shimadzu Scientific Instruments is one of the largest suppliers of analytical instrumentation, physical testing, and environmental monitoring systems in the world. Our products include Gas Chromatographs, Liquid Chromatographs, Mass Spectrometers, Total Organic Carbon Analyzers, UV-Vis Spectrometers, Fluorescence, Atomic Absorption, IR, X-Ray, and Universal Testing Machines. In 1975, SSI Corporate Headquarters was established in Columbia, Maryland and we currently have nine regional offices coast to coast. Shimadzu Scientific Instruments is hiring a Product Specialist within our LCMS Product department to provide support to clients and field based employees for our rapidly growing LCMS product line. This is a great opportunity for someone with hands-on experience with these instruments to work in a customer facing setting who would like to advance their career! The employee will be supporting our entire United States sales territory and work in a small, closely knit team. Details are as follows: Position Summary:  The individual in this position is responsible for a wide variety of LCMS support related functions including, but not limited to, development of technical documents related to marketing, sales, application use, training, repair, maintenance, installation, and phone support of Shimadzu LCMS product line. Travel and customer contact to support assigned product may be required. Additional responsibilities include training customers and SSI staff, as well as, other related duties that may be assigned from time to time. Additional Function(s):  a. Providing support to sales staff for LCMS products from a marketing perspective. b. Develop demonstration strategies and presentation of LCMS products to potential and current customers to support the sales effort. c. Obtain and maintain competitive information for LCMS products and analyze for report to sales. d. Assist in the creation of documentation for sales support materials including feature/benefit analysis and positioning strategies for LCMS products. e. Evaluate and recommend market needs and then propose to develop and implement hardware and software resolutions to meet these needs. f. Support qualification tests for large corporate customers and round robin tests with ASTM and other official organizations. g. Support instrument quality procedures in house and in the field. h. Perform applications work as required effectively positioning the LCMS products, and analyzing customer samples. Perform methodology adaptation work for customers as needed. i. To produce customer support materials to further sales for the LCMS product line (such as brochures, technical notes, application notes flyers, etc…) j. Operate as the company’s authority on the LCMS products, market position, and competitive strategy under the area of responsibility. k. The application, operational and maintenance support of those products sold by SSI or its representatives. l. Develop and provide technical training courses and materials for customers and SSI employees. m. Develop a knowledge base through the accurate documentation and reporting of product failures and repairs. n. Provide product design change and improvement recommendations. o. Assist in the development of installation and maintenance procedures for products as required. p. Maintain the current IQ/OQ/PT protocols and develops protocols for new products. q. Maintain assigned instruments in application laboratories. r. Travel as required, in order to effectively provide technical support the LCMS product line.           
**Requirements**
           Scope:  This position’s primary focus is to provide technical marketing materials and education to efficiently support product positioning of the LCMS products, as well as, provide timely and efficient support, of high quality, to our customers. This will include the full scope from product design to customer satisfaction, coordinating efforts with the Marketing team, Sales, Service, and the Regional staff. Knowledge **Requirements** / Education / Experience:  The incumbent must be proficient at effectively troubleshooting operational, application and other LCMS instrument problems in a methodical efficient manner. Additionally, the incumbent must be able to act independently in matters not governed by policy to ensure customer satisfaction. Education and/or Experience:  The incumbent is required to have at least a Bachelor’s degree in the life sciences, with a higher level degree highly preferred. At least two years of technical applications/method development experience directly related to the LCMS product line is required. Experience in maintenance and/or repair of analytical instrumentation, marketing background and any sales experience is highly desirable. Attention to detail and strong customer service skills are required along with a dependable work ethic. Shimadzu Scientific Instruments is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.           
