## Job Information
Location: 
											Sunnyvale, California, 94087, United States 
													|
												Santa Clara, California, 95051, United States 
Job ID: 
48206310
Posted: 
January 6, 2020
Position Title: 
Field Service Engineer - Analytical Instruments
Company Name: 
Shimadzu Scientific Instruments
Area of Expertise: 
GC-MS, Hardware Maintenance, HPLC, LC-MS, Software Maintenance
Job Role: 
Field Service, Technical Support
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Instrument Manufacturer
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
Indefinite
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
2-3 Years
Required Travel: 
25-50%
**Description**
Field Service Engineer – East Bay, South Bay Service Territory Shimadzu Scientific Instruments is one of the largest suppliers of analytical instrumentation, physical testing, and environmental monitoring systems in the world. Our products include Gas Chromatographs, Liquid Chromatographs, Mass Spectrometers, Total Organic Carbon Analyzers, UV-Vis Spectrometers, Fluorescence, Atomic Absorption, IR, X-Ray, and Universal Testing Machines. In 1975, SSI Corporate Headquarters was established in Columbia, Maryland and we currently have nine regional offices coast to coast. Shimadzu Scientific Instruments is hiring a Field Service Engineer to provide service instrument support mainly in the following product areas (including, but not limited to): LC, GC, LCMS, GCMS, UV-Vis, FTIR, TOC, AA, ICP. This is a great opportunity for someone with hands-on experience with any of these instruments to work in a customer facing setting who would like to advance their career! The employee will be primarily supporting the East Bay, South Bay service territory! Position Summary:  The Field Service Engineer in this position will:  Provide excellent and efficient customer service to Shimadzu’s clients, along with technical training on products. Repair, maintain, and install Shimadzu’s award winning analytical instrumentation product line. Travel throughout the regional territory, experiencing all the various places our instrumentation is utilized. Train and support regional staff. Document and report all repairs and product failures. When applicable provide recommendations on design changes and improvements. Help with the development of preventative maintenance procedures for Shimadzu products.  The Field Service Engineer will earn:  Excellent Base Salary Service Support Incentive Plan Company vehicle with gas card Home office set up (where applicable) Company benefits (medical/dental/vision/401k with profit sharing match/year end bonus/tuition reimbursement/vacation/personal, sick time/paid holidays). 
**Requirements**
Education and/or Experience:   An associate’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Technology is required, a bachelors within a Life Science discipline is highly preferred.  Incumbent must have at least three years of field or in-house instrumentation repair experience (or the equivalent similar product) is required. Shimadzu Scientific Instruments is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
