## Job Information
Location: 
											Su Zhou, Other / Non-US, China 
													|
												Sykesville, Maryland, 21784, United States 
Job ID: 
52608626
Posted: 
January 3, 2020
Position Title: 
Assistant/Associate Professor
Company Name: 
Soochow University
Area of Expertise: 
Bio-analysis, Bioinformatics, Carbohydrates-Glycobiology, HPLC, LC-MS, Proteomics, Quantitation
Job Role: 
Res. & Dev. Scientist, Other
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
Indefinite
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
2-3 Years
Required Travel: 
0-10%
**Description**
The College of Pharmaceutical Sciences at Soochow University invites applications for two tenure-track positions at the Assistant/Associate Professor level. The tenure-track faculty positions (assistant, associate or full professor) are available in newly establishing lab, Mass Spectrometric Multiomics for Clinical Glycobiology, at Department of Pharmaceutical Analysis.
**Requirements**
The candidate must have knowledge of biomolecular mass spectrometry and chromatographic methodologies including HPLC and electrophoresis, some experience on the structural analysis of proteins and glycoconjugates. Expertise in mass spectrometry is required. Experience in glycosylation/phosphorylation mass spectrometry, peptide mapping, intact mass LC-MS, MALDI-MS is a plus. Candidate with experience on inorganic synthesis or drug development will be a plus. It is desirable that the candidate has experience with Orbitrap and triple quad instruments. This position requires a Ph.D. in Chemistry, Biochemistry, Biology, or a related filed.  The successful candidate will have an established publication record in respected journals and demonstrated capacity to work independently. Excellent communication skills (oral and written) and the ability to work in a team environment are required.  Applicants should submit a cover letter, a curriculum vita, a research summary, and a description of proposed research electronically to Dr Yang at jake.yang@gmail.com. Additionally, applicants should arrange for three letters of reference to be e-mailed to the College of Pharmaceutical Sciences at bpeng@suda.edu.cn, specifically indicating the position for which the applicant is applying. Applications will be held in strict. Applications will remain in consideration until the position is filled. A comprehensive benefits package is available and implemented in accordance with Soochow University policy. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience.
