## Job Information
Location: 
											Princeton, New Jersey, United States 
													|
												Exton, Pennsylvania, United States 
Job ID: 
52626908
Posted: 
January 5, 2020
Position Title: 
Field Service Technician/Scientist
Company Name: 
Masspeclink Technologies, LLC
Area of Expertise: 
LC-MS
Job Role: 
Field Service
Entry Level: 
Yes
Industry: 
Other Industrial
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
Indefinite
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
0-1 Year
Required Travel: 
10-25%
**Description**
Masspeclink Technologies, LLC is a service company which provides installation, repair and maintenance support for bioanalytical and analytical laboratory instruments. We are now hiring a Field Service Technician to provide quality and efficient services to our clients. This is an entry level position.  Job duties and responsibilities, but are not limited to:   Work closely with and under the supervision of senior member to gain the required skills and technique for service assignments. Provide repair and maintenance support on chromatographic and mass spectrometric instruments. Perform instrument installation qualification, operational qualification, and performance verification on above mentioned instruments. To accurately document and report problems, solutions, as well as recommendations when applicable. 
**Requirements**
Successful candidate must have desire to learn the knowledge and skills to troubleshoot and repair instruments effectively and efficiently, and be able to perform assigned work proficiently. A bachelor’s or advanced degree in chemistry or other related disciplines. A candidate with knowledge or experience on chromatographic and mass spectrometric instruments would be preferred, but not required.
