## Job Information
Location: 
											New Jersey, United States 
Job ID: 
52684689
Posted: 
January 8, 2020
Position Title: 
Field Sales Representative  Scientific Consumables
Company Name: 
VRS Recruitment
Area of Expertise: 
Other
Job Role: 
Sales and Marketing
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Other
Job Type: 
Full-Time
**Description**
Field Sales Representative – Scientific Consumables   Fantastic opportunity to move away from the lab and into the exciting world of scientific sales! We are seeking an outgoing and confident analytical chemist to provide analytical laboratory consumables throughout PA, DE & MD from a south NJ base. Utilizing your expert knowledge of high throughput analytical chemistry from your time in the lab, you will work with customers to provide a consultative service and ensure their continued success, by doing so you will add to the exemplary reputation your employer has built up over a number of decades. Applications are also invited from current scientific sales professionals looking for an exciting new challenge!   Primary Responsibilities:  Promote Chromatography and Separation system solutions with expert product knowledge and technical proficiency Identify potential customers and devise presentation strategies for products Close sales and complete all other sales functions including demo, training, reporting, and some technical support Build and maintain strong relationships with customers Meet or exceed targeted sales goals    Candidate Qualifications:  Minimum of a B.S. in a scientific discipline. 12 months hands on experience with LS/MS for high throughput analytics, ideally drug metabolism/DMPK (other high throughput industries considered) Versatile, dynamic, and proactive personality with a desire to foster long term relationships with customers Confident and outgoing personality with an ability to take criticism and learn from it! Excellent presentation and communication skills (verbal and written)    Compensation:  Base of up to $50k + % of everything you sell (25-50k) Expensed car Heavily subsidized healthcare Fantastic opportunity to enter scientific sales!!!    APPLY NOW!   Click the Apply link on this posting to submit your application to VRS Recruitment. Please include an updated resume and cover letter.   --------------------   VRS (Vantage Resourcing Solutions, LLC) combines Recruitment and Analytical Chemistry expertise to provide an efficient and focused service to client and candidate alike. Our high level of quality service and technical expertise has secured our reputation as a premier supplier of Mass Spectrometry and Analytical Chemistry Recruitment Solutions.   For further details about VRS Recruitment or related opportunities please visit the VRS Recruitment website:   www.VRS-US.com   Keywords:  LCMS, LC/MS, LC-MS/MS, GC-MS, GCMS, liquid chromatography, gas chromatography, mass spectrometry, Business Development, Medical Devices, Life Science, Chemistry, Biology, Mass Spectrometry, Instrument Vendor, headspace, thermal desorption, Customer, Client, capital equipment, equipment, consumables, service, New Jersey, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Maryland
