## Job Information
Location: 
											Chapel Hill, North Carolina, 27599, United States 
Job ID: 
52685309
Posted: 
January 9, 2020
Position Title: 
Postdoctoral Research Associate - Proteomics
Company Name: 
UNC-Chapel Hill
Area of Expertise: 
Proteomics
Job Role: 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
Min Education: 
1
**Description**
The Department of Pharmacology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill invites applications for a joint post-doctoral research associate position in the UNC Proteomics Core Facility (proteomics.unc.edu) and the UNC Immunotherapy Group. Specifically, the post-doctoral candidate will work with the Armistead and Vincent labs to develop proteomics methods to detect leukemia associated / specific antigens. The post-doc will work at the UNC Proteomics Core, under the direction of Laura Herring, to develop methods to detect the peptide antigens using liquid chromatography (LC)- and capillary electrophoresis (CE)-mass spectrometry (MS). The post-doc will have access to several mass spectrometry platforms, including Thermo Easy nLC 1200-QExactive HF (2), Thermo Fusion Lumos with ETD, and 908Devices ZipChip CE device. The post-doc will have the opportunity to contribute to other ongoing proteomics projects at the Proteomics Core. 
**Requirements**
Education requirements: PhD in Chemistry, Cell Biology, Biochemistry or another life sciences discipline. Qualifications and Experience: Experience with operating LC-MS instruments and preparing samples for LC/MS/MS analysis is required. Strong problem solving skills, interpersonal skills and the ability to work independently is required. The successful applicant should be familiar with common biochemical laboratory techniques. Experience in immunology, developing and implementing MS methods using DIA and PRM, and/or analyzing complex proteomics datasets (using Proteome Discoverer, MaxQuant, Mascot, Skyline) is a plus. APPLY HERE: https://unc.peopleadmin.com/postings/174095 For more information about the position, please contact: Laura Herring, laura_herring@med.unc.edu