## Job Information
Location: 
											Boston, Massachusetts, United States 
Job ID: 
52727648
Posted: 
January 10, 2020
Position Title: 
Research Scientist - Protein Mass Spectrometry at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute
Company Name: 
Dana Farber Cancer Institute
Area of Expertise: 
Proteomics
Job Role: 
Res. & Dev. Scientist
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
**Description**
Research Scientist - Protein Mass Spectrometry at the Dana-Farber Cancer InstituteDana Farber Cancer InstituteBoston, MA A Research Scientist position is available for an analytical and mechanistically minded scientist with deep expertise in protein mass spectrometry. The successful candidate will provide a collaborative mass spectrometry resource for our structural biology labs. We have diverse interests and needs, from top-down characterization of proteoforms in complexes prepared for cryo-EM studies to AQUA- and TMT-based quantitative proteomic workflows. As part of the Chemical Biology Program at the Dana-Farber and the Department of Biological Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology at Harvard Medical School, we have state-of-the-art facilities and a highly collaborative, interdisciplinary environment. Responsibilities:  Develop novel proteomics/mass spectrometry methods to support collaborating labs Implement standard Mass Spectrometry Proteomics workflows Provide SOPs and guide users and collaborators in sample preparation Collaborate in preparing manuscripts, funding proposals and presentations  Qualifications:  D. or equivalent doctorate in a relevant discipline and at least 4 years’ experience Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational skills Ability to independently design and execute novel experiments that exploit the capabilities of state-of-the-art tribrid orbitrap instruments.  The successful applicant will be appointed to the Research Scientist Track at the Dana-Farber, at a level commensurate with abilities and experience. For more information, or to apply, please visit: https://careers-dfci.icims.com/jobs/17448/research-scientist%2c-protein-mass-spectrometry-at-the-dana-farber-cancer-institute/job About Dana Farber:Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute brings together world renowned clinicians, innovative researchers and dedicated professionals, allies in the common mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. Combining extremely talented people with the best technologies in a genuinely positive environment, we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all ages; we conduct research that advances treatment; we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers; we reach out to underserved members of our community; and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals. Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is an equal opportunity employer and affirms the right of every qualified applicant to receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, age, ancestry, military service, protected veteran status, or other groups as protected by law.
