## Job Information
Location: 
											Chicago, Illinois, United States 
Job ID: 
52770411
Posted: 
January 12, 2020
Position Title: 
Research Professional
Company Name: 
University of Chicago - Duchossois Family Institute
Area of Expertise: 
Bio-analysis, Bioinformatics, Carbohydrates-Glycobiology, GC-MS, HPLC, LC-MS, Natural Products, Peptide Sequencing, Quantitation
Job Role: 
Post-Doctoral Fellowship, Res. & Dev. Scientist
Entry Level: 
No
Industry: 
Academic/Research Institution
Job Type: 
Full-Time
Job Duration: 
Indefinite
Min Education: 
1
Min Experience: 
0-1 Year
Required Travel: 
0-10%
Salary: 
$70,000.00 - $80,000.00 (Yearly Salary)
**Description**
About the Unit The Duchossois Family Institute (DFI) investigates the role of the microbiome in resistance and susceptibility to infectious, inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. The microbiome consists of complex populations of microbes that can be characterized using a multi-omic approach. We have created a new metabolomics facility within the DFI to identify, measure and characterize the metabolites found in the gut. We aim to support the understanding of how these molecules function in microbe-microbe and host-microbe interactions. Technicians in the DFI metabolomics laboratory will aid in the building of this metabolomics facility, help create quantitative methods using mass spectrometry, and perform routine metabolite sample preparation and analysis. Skills that technicians are likely to acquire in the laboratory include metabolite extraction from microbial samples, liquid chromatography and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (LCMS and GCMS) method development, quantitative small molecule method development, and general metabolomic data analysis. Posting Statement The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/Disabled/Veterans Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. For additional information please see the University's Notice of Nondiscrimination. Staff Job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should call 773-702-5800 or submit a request via Applicant Inquiry Form. The University of Chicago's Annual Security & Fire Safety Report (Report) provides information about University offices and programs that provide safety support, crime and fire statistics, emergency response and communications plans, and other policies and information. The Report can be accessed online at: http://securityreport.uchicago.edu. Paper copies of the Report are available, upon request, from the University of Chicago Police Department, 850 E. 61st Street, Chicago, IL 60637.
**Requirements**
Responsibilities The job performs routine assignments that facilitate and promote a research project or contributes to the scientific direction of a research resource. Receives instruction, guidance, and direction from others.1) Performs experiments and collects and analyzes data. Participates in the promotion of a research project., 2) Participates in the preparation and writing of grant applications and reports, and co-authors/authors scientific research manuscripts. Provides peer review of grant applications and scientific manuscripts., 3) Collaborates on development of new research projects with academic and community-based organizations., 4) May present work at scientific meetings., 5) Performs other related work as needed. Unit-specific Responsibilities 1) Will work with graduate students, post-docs, and faculty to design and carry out metabolomic experiments. 2) Will develop robust sample preparation methods. 3) Will draft SOPs for all development methods and processes. 4) Will oversee the development of automated and high-throughput sample preparation methods using liquid handlers. 5) Will develop robust methods using GCMS and LCMS (reverse phase, HILIC; triple quad, high-resolution, MS/MS) for the targeted and untargeted analysis of microbial metabolites. 6) Will aid in the structural elucidation of unknown compounds. 7) Will precisely quantify concentrations of microbial metabolites using LCMS and GCMS. 8) Will aid laboratory director in setting up this facility. 9) Will analyze mass spec/metabolomic data using specialized software programs as well as develop Python and R based data analysis tools. 10) Will give technical direction to research technicians and act as a mentor to junior lab members. 11) Will perform research with an emphasis on data quality and integrity in a time-efficient manner. 12) Perform the above tasks independently with minimal input from manager.   Unit-preferred Competencies 1) Experience with basic chromatography (reverse phase, HILIC,..) and mass spectrometry techniques and method development including GCMS and LCMS (triple quad, high-resolution, tandem mass spec) 2) Experience in trouble shooting GCMS and LCMS systems. 3) Experience developing quantitative small molecule methods using GCMS and LCMS. 4) Experience utilizing basic chemical and biochemical knowledge towards the measurement and/or characterization of small molecules using mass spectrometry. 5) Experience in structural elucidation and unknown identification, preferably of natural products. 6) Experience using Python, R or other statistical analysis tools to develop high-throughput data analysis tools. 7) Experience in metabolomic sample prep, mass spectrometry analysis, and rigorous statistical data analysis of multi-omic data sets is strongly preferred. 8) Experience developing automated high-throughput sample prep using liquid handlers. 9) Experience developing automated high-throughput mass spectrometry methods and data analysis pipelines.     Education, Experience, and Certifications Minimum requirements include a PhD in related field.Minimum requirements include knowledge and skills developed through < 2 years of work experience in a related job discipline. Preferred Qualifications Education 1) PhD in chemistry, chemical biology, chemical engineering, bioengineering, biomedical engineering, biochemistry, biology, or related field.   Experience 1) Experience in systems biology, microbiome metabolomics, proteomics, natural product identification and characterization, and structural elucidation of unknowns. Required Documents 1) Resume Note: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application
